<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>The Waldorf Astoria Bar Book</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:75b5837a-04cf-47a0-a8a5-cf2565f1bea3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
	</head>
	<body id="x9780698136069_EPUB">
		<div>
			<p class="x03-Chapter-Title" id="_idParaDest-598"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_391" title="391"/>ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</p>
			<p class="x03-CO-Body-Text"><span class="_idGenDropcap-1">J</span>oseph Taylor worked at the Old Hotel until its last day (May 3, 1929) and as Mr. Crockett notes, “His self-respect would not permit him to work in a speakeasy.” Mr. Taylor was “looking forward eagerly to getting back behind a counter and plying the cocktail shaker in the old way, with ‘real stuff’ to pour into it from genuinely label bottles. But he did not live to see that day.” Just as Joseph Taylor never stepped foot in the “new” Hotel, I wasn’t around to see the Old Hotel, so I guess in this small way we are linked. Without his foresight we would not have a <em>Waldorf Astoria Bar Book</em> in any form, so this humble update and revision is dedicated to him. I would also like to think that Albert Stevens Crockett would have enjoyed sampling more than a few of these recipes, so a tip of the cap to the work of Mr. Crockett as well. I hope that they are both in their rightful places at each side of a big bar somewhere. Here’s a round to Oscar Tschirky, Jacques Straub, and Ted Saucier, whose impact on the practice of drinking well in relation to this book lies at its foundation. A countless amount of cocktail books and manuals were consulted in the research of this book; I would like to thank those that came before whose influence is woven within the fabric of it.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_392" title="392"/>For my comrade in arms in this whole endeavor, Matt Zolbe. Having the director of Sales and Marketing as your ally when dipping your toe into the murky waters of cocktail book writing cannot be understated. I was lucky beyond any expectation to have such a like-minded supporter.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">To Orion Berge, Jon DeRosa, and Chef David Garcelon for their constant support (at all hours of the night) and for providing a proper sounding board from early on, when the lines on the map pointed in countless directions.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">To Ed Costa, Bryan Woody, Eric Long, Stuart Foster, Chef John Doherty, Grady Colin, Diarmuid Dwyer, Thomas Long, Ronen Nissenbaum, Mark Ricci, and Brian Galligan, who each in their own way allowed me to get on this canoe in the first place and never once attempted to man the helm.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">To the culinary staff that I learned so much from and whose assistance help make the beverage program something special: Chefs Charlie Romano, Peter Betz, Michael Ottomanelli, Cedric Tovar, Ryan Alday, and Nancy Olson. A special thank-you to Evelyn Hsu Ciszak, whose guidance and compass of the bar during the very early days of Peacock Alley cannot be understated.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">For my coworkers and fellow managers both past and present. For my Waldorf Astoria colleagues who helped make my day-to-day that much smoother while undertaking this project and whose opinions also helped shape this book: Jeff Krauthamer, Jonathan Masel, George Pappas, Jessica Fusco, Abby Murtagh, Jasmin Howanietz, and especially Julien Pierlas. The helpful assistance of our archivists, Erin Allsop and Deidre Dinnigan, and our social media crusaders, Megan Towner and Melissa Howard, is also appreciated.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">A sincere thank-you to the following leaders and influencers of the food and beverage industry who were integral to say the least: Gary “Gaz” Regan, whose support from early in my career predates Peacock Alley and whose mentorship I appreciate more than he probably knows. He was also the first on the canoe. To my friend Allen Katz, another early passenger whose opinion helped forge the pages to come. For the early conversations with David Wondrich. His books were also influential to me prior to this project but didn’t really come to focus until I started it. Dale DeGroff, who also was an early supporter whose relationship and influence also predates Peacock Alley. Philip Duff and Martin Doudoroff for helping bottle some of the ends as I came down the stretch. Throughout the process, I solicited the perspective of some of the barmen and women whose opinions I respect and who I have also regarded as friends <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_393" title="393"/>long before this book was ever a thought—I thank them for their time: Nathan  Dumas, Michael Neff, Ms. Franky Marshall, Evan Thomas, and Brian Matthys. A New Orleans shout-out to Russ Bergeron and Chris Hannah for local recipe checks and a thank-you to Darryl Barthé as he is removed from the F&amp;B industry but helped chime in at length with the “civilian” response. This role was also played by my decades-long NYC-based friend, Steven Brown.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">I would also like to thank some of the writers who found space in their pages for me through the years: Kara Newman, Steve Reddicliffe, Rosie Schaap, and Robert O. Simonson. A huge thank-you to others whose books cleared up quirks and grey areas: Andrew Willett, Amy Stewart, Darcy O’Neil, and Brad Thomas Parsons. Lastly, for guiding me into the world of publishing with contacts and essential advisement, Karolina Waclawiak.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Thanks to the legal consult of my new pal, Karen Shatzkin.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">Thanks to my editor at Penguin, Emily Murdock Baker, who was one of the few allowed on deck and never made a rush for the steering wheel. Her guidance (especially early on when it was needed most) is truly appreciated. A thank-you also goes out to the watchful eyes at team Penguin: my production editor, Katie Hurley, and Sabrina Bowers for the interior design (squeezing in three books’ worth of text while making it readable was no easy task). I was also lucky to have such a talented artist in Josie Portillo, whose drawings not only helped lighten the look of this book but also did service to the spirit of the original drawings by Leighton Budd.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">To my team of Peacock Alley bartenders, whose ability to remain onstage, in an arena that is open nearly twenty-four hours a day deserves decidedly more recognition than this industry gives to them. Their contributions go well beyond that of bartending. Some have been here longer than others but they all have worked for the success of this operation and each is integral to its ongoing influence: Darren Pelan, Michael Nowicki, Bledi Noka, Tom DeFrancesco, Sergey Nagorny, Noah Small, Frank Nolan, John Frey, Marie Duverger, and Luke Lin. Early teammates whose terms are not forgotten include Eric Dennis, Nick Psinakis, and Rebecca Schlossberg.</p>
			<p class="x04-Body-Text">And last to my family and friends, who were able to understand that writing a book while running bars allows for little or no playtime. To my mother, Carmella, whose impact as a host not only influenced me but many of my friends as well. I am elated that she survived her battles to see this book. I am sad that my father did not. He would’ve gotten a kick out of it for sure. This section would <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="pageMap_394" title="394"/>not be complete without my son, Joseph, whose early foray into professional kitchens I was flattered to be a part of but happy he was able to find another calling; and my daughter, Alyssa, who I have proudly watched become a caring, wonderful mother herself and a best friend. But most of all, this book is for my wife, Margaret, who would get only slightly perturbed, as I would shake her awake with yet another “final” version of a recipe. It could not have been attempted, much less written, without her partnership and support, which along with my love, I strive to return daily.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>